#summary Describes TileMapBoard and related classes
#labels Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =

TileMapBoard uses the TileBoard interface and stores tile by hashing them into a map based on the IntPair location of a Tile. (x,y) will be used to denote an IntPair.


= Details =

== IntPairs ==

(0,0) is the homeTile - the first Tile placed in the board when it is constructed.
(x,y): a negative x is a location to the left of the homeTile. A negative y is a location above the homeTile. Conversely, a positive x is a location to the right of the homeTile and a positive y is a location below the homeTile.

== IntPair hashs ==

Right now hashes are based on the hashcode of the string form of an IntPair, i.e. "x,y". This may need to be improved.

== Iterators ==

homeTile() points to the first tile added to the board. It always returns (0,0).

upperLeft__ points to an empty location one space left and one space up from the upper-left-most filled position in the board. So, with just the homeTile at (0,0), uL__ points to (-1,-1).

lowerRight__ points to an empty location one space right and one space down from the lower-right-most filled position in the board. So, with just the homeTile at (0,0), lR__ points to (1,1).

getters for these iterators return a copy of the iterator since function calls on iterators modify the location stored in the iterator. *Important:* If you need to make a lot of comparisons to the corner iterators, call the getter once and save it locally, then compare with that iterator.



